Tutorials

1) First Level
Welcome to HoloPipes!
Say “Move Game” if you’d like to move the gameboard. Press or say “Next” to continue.
Advance: Saying “Move Game” (which shows the move game tutorial), or Next

2) First Level
“Move Game” and other tools are available in the menu. To open the menu, raise your hand, fingers open, and palm facing you.
Advance: Open the menu 

3) First Level
This is a pipe start. You can't move it.
Arrow: pointing to pipe start
Advance: Next

4) First Level
This is a pipe end. You can't move it either.
Arrow: pointing to pipe end
Advance: Next

5) First Level
This one can be moved. Pinch the piece between your thumb and forefinger to pick it up.
Arrow: pointing at piece to pick up
Advance: Pick up piece

6) First Level
Simply release a piece to place it where you think it belongs.
Arrow: pointing to opening in pipe
Advance: Pipe correctly placed

7) First Level
This piece is turned the wrong direction, but that’s okay. Go ahead, pick it up.
Arrow: pointing to pipe
Advance: Pick up piece

8) First Level
Pieces turn as you carry them. Turn your hand to correctly place this piece.
Arrow: pointing to opening in pipe
Advance: Pipe correctly placed

9) First Level
There's more than one way to rotate a piece. Hover here to see what happens.
Arrow: pointing just outside cursor's edge
Advance: Rotation handle appears

10) First Level
That's a rotation handle. Move your hand around the piece to see diferent rotation handles.
Arrow: pointing at piece
Advance: Different Rotation Handle appears

111) First Level
Pinch and drag a rotate handle to rotate this piece until it connects to its neighbor.
Arrow: ponting at piece
Advance: Piece properly rotated

12) First Level
This is your toolbox. It holds all the pieces you haven't placed yet. Go ahead, drag out a piece.
Arrow: pointing at toolbox
Advance: Piece pulled from toolbox

13) First Level
To finish any level, connect all pipe starts to their matching ends. Put any extra pieces back in the toolbox.
Complete this tutorial by finishing the level.
Advance: Finish Level

14) Second Level (Simple Level)
Use everything you've learned to complete this level.
Advance: Finish Level

15) First Junction Level
There's a junction in your toolbox! That means one of the pipes will have more than one end.
Arrow: pointing at toolbox
Advance: Finish Level

16) First cage level
These metal boxes block pipes. You'll have to find a way around them.
Arrow: pointing at cage
Advance: Finish Level

17) First locked piece
This piece is locked in place. Your pipe will have to pass through the piece where it is.
Arrow: pointing at locked piece
Advance: Finish level